What are life’s toughest mini games?
What are some slang terms a 50 year old dad can say to his daughter to embarrass her?
Redditors who were in attendance at a wedding that was called off mid-ceremony, what was the story?
What are your best “first date tips” for somebody starting the dating game late in life (late 20’s +)?
Chefs of Reddit, what are the biggest ripoffs that your restaurants sell?
The year is 2050. How do you think you would complete the sentence: "Back in my day, we didn't have ..."?
What screams "I'm emotionally unstable"?
What is an imminent danger that nobody seems to be talking about?
What is the worst purchase you ever made?
What's the WORST name for a strip club you can imagine?
What skills can a poor 19 y/o learn to help make an income and get further in life?
What’s something that you only do because it’s socially standard?
What saying from a movie or television show do you find yourself using in everyday life, even though you wind up having to explain it afterwards?
What mildly illegal thing do you do?
What do you regret doing at university?
What song fills you with the most emotions (positive or negative) and why?
What game have you spent the most hours playing?
Which artist has the fakest public image?
Americans, how do high schools as portrayed in Hollywood teen movies compare to your high school in real life?
What is a common internet thing that you hate?
What's the dumbest thing you're willing to argue about?
What is something that was normal in your childhood, but now you realize was weird/not okay?
[Serious]Redditors with good dads: What solid dad wisdom would you share with the rest of us?
What would you tell an 11 year old girl that is currently experiencing problems with mean girls at school?
[serious] Redditors who have had counselling/therapy, what's the most helpful tip/advice you've been given?
What song has deeper lyrics than people realize?
How does an absence of a father affect a child?
Apart from "Barenaked Ladies", what are some misleading band names out there?
What doesn't impress you?
What would be a popular ask Reddit question in 1963?
People who has interrupted a wedding when asked "If anyone has any reason", How did it go?
You get to remove one letter from the name of a website. What is this website used for now?
People over 30, how was your new years eve/party in 1999?
What’s the most depressing meal you’ve eaten?
What smells good but would be disgusting if it was a taste?
If you have an interesting scar, how did you get it?
What common misconception do you hate to hear repeated as fact?
What is the best opening line of a book?
What's that one little thing in life that you really enjoy?
What are some dark or unknown corners of Reddit the average Redditor doesn't know about?
What is something that everyone on this earth should know?
What caused you to end a friendship?
What are some things the average Redditor knows that most of the general population doesn't?
Girls of reddit, what's the most common mistakes guys do when trying to talk to a girl they're interested in?
Fellow Lefties! What are some sports/activites/etc. that you are predominantly righthanded?
What are good ways to combat laziness or feeling unmotivated?
What's the weirdest compliment you've ever received?
When buying a used car, what are some red flags to look for?
People who stop 20 feet before the line at a stop light, why do you do it?
Gamers of Reddit, what videogame totally deserves to be turned into a TV series or a movie?
What is the most unfortunate name you have ever heard?
What is the oldest piece of technology you own and still use in 2018?
What have you masturbated to that would ruin your ability to look people in the eye if you knew they knew about it?
What is the most interesting thing that has not been explained by science yet?
What’s something you didn’t know you did abnormally/wrong for a long time until one day someone pointed it out to you?
What are you elitist about?
What is that thing nobody does anymore but you still do?
What are some subtle hints that someone may be a racist?
What do you hate even though you understand why people like it?
What excuse do you no longer accept?
What's the biggest fuck up you ever made that was fixed before anyone knew about it?
Redditors that have been to a medium, what was your experience like?
Born too late to explore the Earth, too soon to explore the stars - what's some good reasons to be born in this era?
You’re going on a blind date, but the only subject you can talk about is the last thing you Googled. Reddit, how screwed are you?
Any study tips for someone who suffers from ADHD?
What would be on the "humans... FAQ" list if it was written by aliens who observed our history?
Those of you who work from home, what is your job and would you recommend it?
What’s a process, when done backwards, is hilarious?
What is the biggest dick move you’ve ever pulled?
If you had the power to name a AI that would destroy every frog in the world, what would you call it?
What advice can you offer a new home owner?
If hogwarts was real, on which house you should be? And why?
What seemed like a good idea at the time?
What podcast are you really into right now?
What are some skills that are going to be in great demand in the future?
Who was your first fictional tv character crush?
What was your favorite thing to do during recess as a kid?
What changes would you do in your life if you got $2,000 a month until the day you die, any salary you might currently get coming on top?
How does this happen? I searched for someone I knew 10+ years ago on FB, then the next day she adds me to LinkedIn. Is it just a coincidence?
When you're at a friend's place for dinner and what they made is hot garbage, how do you proceed?
What is the best phrase you can say to cheer up someone?
What useful skill can you learn in under an hour?
What are some tips for having sex with your spouse when there are young and teenage children in the house?
What’s the last thing you ate leftovers of?
Redditors that have been stalked, how did it start and what happened? (Serious)
What are some less known useful websites that more people should know?
[serious] Reddit, what is the scariest, creepiest, or most unusual way you know someone died?
If your SO suddenly woke up as the opposite gender what would you do?
Teens of Reddit, what details do YA authors always get wrong?
I’m going to Watch one movie every day of 2018. What is your favorite movie, most hated movie, an under rated movie and guilty pleasure movie?
What's a "somebody has to do it" job that you have done?
With the popularity of "Grand Theft Auto", what other felonies could become interesting games?
What movie has the most predictable plot twist?
What event made you finally decide that you were done with the relationship/job/family member/etc? And have you ever regretted the decision?
What is one episode that you would not like to see of 'How it's made' ?
People of Reddit who don’t flush public toilets...why?
Redditors who like math, what’s the most beautiful thing in math to you?
How are you doing?
What music album has a great vibe?
What's the most useless thing you could theoretically smuggle in a prison?
What would you do if your SO gained a lot of weight?
What’s the one topic, that if you get started talking about, you just won’t shut up!?
Who did you believe was the 'one that got away' until you later found out that you dodged a major bullet?
What's one movie that never fails to get a laugh from you?
What's your favourite David Bowie song?
what would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail ?
Repair / delivery guys of Reddit: what are your thoughts when a woman insists on leaving the apartment door open while you work?
[serious] Those of you with anxiety, what self-care tips do you have when you don’t feel like taking care of yourself or are having a rough day?
What one piece of information given to the losing side of a battle/war would alter the course of history?
People who touch other people's computer screens.. why do you do this?
What's your movie pitch?
[Serious] Women: has watching porn affected your sex life? How?
What is something most people have done that you have not?
What do you do at work that you’re not allowed to do?
What's a flaw in a movie that only bothers you because the rest of the movie was so good?
People who don't eat meat, if the Earth suddenly ran out of everything but meat, which meat would you pick to survive and why?
What is something you find truly fascinating?
What's the fastest way to get arrested without breaking god's 10 commandments?
Redditors, what advice would you give for a soon-to-be college student? [Serious]
Your favorite "you suck" speech in a movie, show or game?
What are the best drinking game RULES?
What’s the worst time you’ve opened a NSFW post in public?
What is the most heart-wrenching thing you have ever heard?
People who work for airlines, what are secrets passengers don't know?
What do you want for your birthday?
What lesson did you learn the hard way?
What is a dish or snack you thought you invented, only to find out later you didn't?
People who’ve had near death experiences, what was your going through mind as you thought you were going to die?
What is the most useless superpower you can think of?
What movie or TV cliché drives you insane?
[Serious] People who have taken one of those DNA heritage tests, what did it say about you? Any pros or cons of taking a test?
How have you witnessed any type of discrimination?
What's the best or worst thing you ever won?
What is something you remember distinctly but apparantly never existed/didn't happen?
What are some cool facts about the Universe?
You have to kill the most difficult video game boss in real life, who is it and how do you do it?
What totally innocuous thing made you cry?
What's your favorite word from a language other than English and why?
If you could be a fly on anyone's wall for a day who would you choose and why?
Dear redditors, what is the laziest thing you've ever done?
What did your parents realize which made them stop hitting you?
What do you do when you can’t sleep?
What stereotype is 100% false?
What's the most spectacular way that you've destroyed a piece of technology?
How does a bad relationship with the father affect a child?
Sons with absent fathers, what is the advice you would have liked to receive?
What are you doing right now besides Reddit?
What is something which seemed like a great idea at the time, but now you deeply regret?
What's the weirdest thing you ever believed in as a kid?
What's something that people post on social media that always pisses you off?
Bi-lingual people of reddit: Which languages do you speak and how/ did you learn/speak them?
What is a common skill that took you WAY too long to learn?
What is one time you did something behind your parents back and they still don’t know to this day?
If you were a character in an RPG, which of your positive traits/skills would persuade other players to choose you to play in real life?
What have you had in your possession that you believed was incredibly valuable but turned out to be worthless?
What music artists have a great unique sound?
What completely inconsequential mistake you made as a child still haunts you to this day?
What kills your suspension of disbelief while watching a movie?
What is the most click-bait headline you can come up with?
Lottery winners, what is something not commonly known about when you win a major lottery?
What is the creepiest YouTube video you've ever seen?
What is the best piece of life advice you can give to an 18 year old?
What was the weirdest compliment you've ever received?
What jobs or fields heavily utilize both science and mathematics knowledge/skills in addition to writing and critical thinking knowledge/skills?
For what reasons do you get mad at your SO?
What things will you nostalgically tell your grandkids about that they just won't get?
What's the most disturbing dream you've ever had?
What type of "______ for Dummies" book would you buy?
You just woke up and realize your gender has switched to the other one during the night. What is the first thing you do?
You have the opportunity to go back in time and tell yourself one thing - What do you say and at what age?
If you could be anywhere in the world right now where would you be and why?
What is the biggest success of life?
What's a good game, board or video, for only 2 players?
Redditors who have been part of an exorcism or know someone who has, what happened?
What was the most supernatural experience you guys ever had?
Redditors who've smoked marijuana/pot, or taken edibles, have you ever had a negative or less than ideal experience?
what is something your mother always says drive you crazy?
If you had a chance for a “do-over” in life, what would you do differently?
What is the absolute SADDEST movie you’ve seen in your life?
What are some shows/movies that were great overall but had a terrible ending?
How did one little decision change your life?
What do you not regret doing at University?
You will be left on this Earth with only one person whom you'd have to spend the rest of your life with. Who do you choose and why?
Who's the most ridiculous candidate you can imagine running against Trump in 2020?
[Serious] Former meat eaters, how have you changed physically and mentally/emotionally since becoming Vegetarian/Vegan?
What's your funniest or most embarrassing story of having someone walk in on you having sex?
Tobacco smokers of Reddit, why do you chose tobacco products over other nicotine products such as vapes or e-cigs?
How do you make yourself happy?
Who knows more about you, people in your life or people on Reddit?
[Serious] What is one aspect of everyday life that you find anxiety inducing or otherwise difficult but most people have no problem with?
Honestly, what's something that makes your day?
What is the worst lie your parents ever told you ?
What's a YouTube series that, if you watch one video, you wanna watch everything?
What is your Kryptonite?
What is the funniest thing you did while being drunk?
What movie is so boring that you put it on to fall asleep?
What is something that hasn't aged well?
What is the worst, excruciating way anyone has ever died?
What is your most inspiring quote?
Redditors, what are the attributes of any physician that make them stand out amongst others?
People who do not get angry outwardly - how do you control your temper?
Fast Food workers of Reddit, what stories do you have which would make us never eat fast food?
If Black Mirror was a porn series instead of a psychological horror, how do you think the episodes would play out?
What animal would you like to be reincarnated as?
Farts are funny.What is your funny fart story?
Where will you be at 22:30?
What is the worst apology that you've heard?
For all those who have hobby fishing, what makes it fun?
Those who have never experienced snow first hand, what do you think it's like?
What is something you done while drunk that you later came to regret?
What is a good way to pass the time when the power is out?
What was a time when you suddenly realized YOU were the asshole?
What recent trend in movies are you sick of?
Couples of reddit, how did your first meeting with your SO’s parents go?
[Serious] Redditors that gave up on a drug addicted family member, friend or lover - what was the moment that finally made you walk away? Where are they now?
What's something surprising you learned about a person you thought you knew very well?
What’s the scariest encounter you’ve had with someone who was homeless?
Retail workers of Reddit, what is something a customer tried to return that you couldn't believe?
NSFW - What what do you fantasise about but don't actually want to happen in real life?
What is the craziest thing that happened in your high school?
What unrealistic scenario is in your head?
People of Reddit who brake at green lights, why?
How do you know who your true friends are?
What's the craziest thing you heard while not really paying attention, and didn't process until later?
What song makes you want to punch someone in the face?
Everything youve ever done on your mobile device is now public for thr world to see. How does the rest of your life play out?
What are some employee benefits you'd like to see more companies adopt?
Metalheads of Reddit what is the most iconic metal track and what is your favourite guitar solo?
Women of Reddit, why do you guys use so much darn toilet paper?
What do you have a strong opinion about but not many others care about?
When has not getting what you want turned out to be a blessing in disguise?
Reddit, what's your million dollar reality TV show idea?
Why is being content in your job a BAD thing in American society? Why must everyone try to be a CEO?
People who have witnessed marriage proposals that were turned down what happened?
What is the most valuable thing you've ever lost?
What is an activity most people like doing that you hate ?
What is a NSFW life pro tip you learned as a child?
What is your best crazy hospital hijinks story?
Which actor would play the least-convincing Nazi ever if cast in a WWII movie?
Flight is taking off in 10minutes, what are the best mobile games to kill time with?
What first world problem are you dealing with today?
Reddit, how to cook scrambled eggs with the least dishes to wash?
People who place the "After" picture before the "Before" picture, why do you do it?
What are some tips to prevent insanity?
What's so wrong, but feels just right?
What is your 'go to' meal for when you're tired from work, and short on ingredients?
What is your go to snack?
What are you afraid of?
What's your morning routine?
What would the most inconvenient place to find a pineapple be?
What kind of food defines your country?
Is there a fictional character you have an unhealthy attraction to? Why?
Ph.D's of Reddit - What are the pros and cons during consideration of doing Ph.D?
What is something you feel more comfortable doing with your non-dominant hand?
What makes lips water-proof?
What are the best sad songs?
What is the smoothest pick up line that you have seen being executed?
What legality question have you always had, but you were afraid to ask?
What is the most inspirational quote?
People of Reddit, if you were on death row, what would your last meal be ?
Men, do you really like boobs as much as you say you do or do you say it to fit in with other men? Why?
What did you do today that you didn't do yesterday?
Girls who have leaked nudes of themselves how did it happen and how did you handle it?
People who don't use their turn blinker while driving, why?
Honest question, how are you all doing today?
Other than The Room, what are some other legendary "bad" films?
What is the most wonderful thing your mother has ever done for you?
What is an appropriate way to inform a driver that they shouldn't be TEXTING RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME F*%#?
What are some tips for someone starting school in their mid 20s?
What is currently a bubble in terms of money making and when do you see it popping?
What is the sweetest thing your significant other has done for you?
What is the most illegal thing you've ever done?
What are some of the worst (or best) firearm accidents you have seen/ heard of?
Bus drivers of Reddit, what can we do to make your life more pleasant?
Adults who still live at home with your parents, how do you do it?
[Serious] Women of Reddit, Sex dolls are becoming cheaper and more realistic looking, what are your thoughts on this topic?
What's a skill you wish you had?
[Serious] People who retired early (before 40), how did you do it? What are you doing with your life now?
Reddit: What was the BEST book you had to read in High School?
People who’ve had near death experiences, what happened and how did you get out the situation?
[Serious] What is the most corrupt thing to happen in your small town?
What's the 'I sing in the shower' of other professions?
What is going to seriously change the world in the next 10 years?
People of Reddit, what's that goal you have that when you achieve you can tell yourself " I can die in peace " ?
What was your “a blessing in disguise” moment?
Reddit, which career path is the safest bet for someone who doesn't feel passionate about anything?
When traffic is clearly merging causing a traffic jam, why do you let people who speed to the front of the line cut in front of you so easily?
What recognizable companies do you trust the most?
Redditors under 30 years of age, how much time do you have left to make a '30 under 30' list, and what is your best chance of doing so?
What just fucking sucks?
Given all that you know, what is your recommendation?
Does the brain delete unwanted memories when we sleep?
What situation changed your life or thinking?
What's your theme song?
(NSFW) What's your worst random boner experience, be it now or from childhood?
What are some subreddits that are complete opposites of each other?
What do you say when your dog actually ate your homework?
What’s the greatest movie quote of all time?
Why do we say Person Of Colour but not Coloured Person?
[Serious] What are your strongest arguments for being pro-choice or pro-life?
Investors of Reddit, how did you start investing and have you made any money doing so?
Officers that work in a state that legalized pot, what's the before and after legalization difference?
What’s your favourite podcast and why?
What would be a populer Reddit Question 1993?
What is one thing you love about yourself?
What inanimate object have you attacked in a rage?
What is your favorite kind of pie?
If you could elect one cartoon character as president, who would it be? and why?
Do you ever learn of a new obscure thing in life and then find it randomly popping up everywhere afterward?
What's something stupid you've done while high?
Apartment maintenance people of Reddit, what is your nightmare apartment story?
What is the pettiest thing you’ve done to get back at a coworker?
Why does uncooked spaghetti break into 3 when snapped?
If you were given the opportunity to ask an all knowing being one question, what would it be?
People in long distance relationships, how do you cope with not seeing your loved one as much as you’d like?
As an adult, what is one thing you wish you could go back and tell your teenage self?
What made you realize that your best/close friend was the person you wanted to be with. Was it weird at first, or did it happen naturally?
What theory, phenomenon, or idea blows your mind every time you think about it?
You have one week to convince the world something normal has a greater purpose, whats your plan?
When you were a child, How did you picture your future as an adult? How did it turn out?
Has anyone one here been inside a porta-potty while it tips over? If so what's the story of the little mishap?
Why do longer hairs grow out of moles?
What is your shittiest habit that you have no intention of stopping?
What is something that takes you way too long?
What is something everyone else accepts that you think is messed up?
[Serious] Reddit, what is the hardest choice you've had to make in your life?
What great books can simply never be made into movies?
What's a childhood tradition you would do if you stayed home from school sick?
What's the worst place in the world?
What the most disturbing scene in video game history?
Why don't you flush the toilet after using public restrooms?
What is the most beautiful national park you have ever been to (regardless of country)?
[Serious] Soldiers, police officers, and unlucky people of reddit, what is it like to be under gunfire? What's different than how they display it in movies?
If you could nominate a celebrity to run for president, who would it be?
If you could challenge anyone to a duel, with any weapon of your choice, who/what would it be?
What are life's mini bosses?
What's the best joke you know that requires some actual intelligence to understand?
What was the stupidest thing you bought and are happy that you bought it?
What is something you did as a child and never grew out of doing?
What was the worst thing that happened on your birthday?
What's a great song off an album that wasn't a single?
What is something the USA does better than any other country?
What app have you downloaded that just sits there, never to be opened?
What's the best prank you've played on your SO?
How the hell do you relieve hiccups?
Ok Reddit: What DOES impress you?
People of reddit who finally told off your bosses and/or coworkers, how awesome was it and what happened?
What's the best way to use my cake day?
What’s your best ‘I like my coffee like I like my women’ joke?
What is the best catch phrase from your childhood?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
What is the pettiest thing you've ever done?
What did you learn from your last relationship?
Redditors who have served in a jury, what was the most thrilling case you've witnessed?
Homebuilders of reddit: if you were buying or building your own home, what things would you look for/make sure it has in it?
What is your disgusting secret habit?
What are some interesting quirks you or your family members have?
What are some good subreddits that can't be found through search?
People of Reddit, what is the most powerful image you've ever seen?
What redditor has a dark comment history that tells a story over time?
Which fictional character do you relate to more than you should?
What is the best free app to download for 2018?
What’s the worst thing that ever happened to you?
How did you get that scar on your left knee?
What was your "abort! abort!" moment during a date?
What's your favorite futurama quote?
What are pro's and cons of hypnotherapy? Experiences anyone? [Serious]
In High School teachers can take months to correct assignments, what's it like in college?
Reddit, what “first world problem” is bothering you today?
How has Reddit changed your life?
[Serious]What job do you have that you can waste 90% of your time?
Do you still get butterflies when you think about your SO? If so, how long have you been together?
You open a door. What’s on the other side?
What is your favourite guitar solo?
How do you find happiness in life if nobody likes you?
What are some everyday items we should all buy to make life easier?
What is your biggest job interview fail?
What tv series/movie would you love to see in the perspective of a different character?
Whats a childhood dream that you have fulfilled lately?
What are some interesting things or facts about animals?
What's the best meat for a sandwich?
You’ve written a book about your life in 2017, what is the title?
What can you talk about with a potential business partner / friend sitting next to you at an event, that isn’t generic small talk and will help you get closer?
What are your favorite dad stories?
What is a YouTube channel that everyone should know about?
Constantly-unlucky people of reddit, what stories do you have?
What is the most sinister explanation you can think of behind the Ugandan Knuckles Tribe?
What makes the difference between "only" a close friendship with sexual attraction versus falling in love?
What is the craziest or weirdest thing that happened to you and your group of friends that you guys will never forget?
Reddit: who is your hero?
Have you ever re connected with an old flame? If so how did it work out?
Besides porn what do men / women not want showing up all over their shared bank statements?
Redditors who have sent anonymous insults and threats including death threats, why did you?
Why is steel-cut oatmeal the preferred and “high quality” method of cutting over other types of cutting?
What are some interesting life hacks?
Which decade do you think had the best music?
[Serious] What is your advice for a 20 year old that has their second serious internship interview ever in 2 days?
What made you tired today?
Atheists, what event marked the turning point for you?
If you could wipe certain memories, what is worth re-living over and over?
Who is a scientist who should be more famous?
What small improvement can you make to turn a basic meal into an amazing one?
What's something that didn't live up to the hype for you personally?
what is the most interesting uncommon rule you have at your workplace?
What Video Games have the best music?
You’re taking an Uber from California to Florida, which fictional character do you want to drive?
For everyone out of school onto the next part of life, what do you miss about school?
Redditors who watch old Western TV shows from the 60's and 70's, which one is your favourite and why?
Who is someone who's done something to you that you will never forget?
What's a movie or TV show you should go into completely blind?
What's a low-rated movie that you unironically enjoy?
Which songs do you listen to when you have a moment of weakness and wallow in misery and self-pity?
If an intelligent alien race makes it to Earth, aside from humans, what species would they find most interesting?
What’s the most amount of money you’ve won & how?
Parents, how have your children embarrassed you?
What is the best thing you've ever drawn?
What's something you have that you wish you didn't?
What's a really crazy biology fact?
What is the most difficult reality of life?
What's your story of the most inappropriate time you got a really bad case of the "giggles" and what was the aftermath?
What are some "spell iCup" "Are you smart or are you my slave" tricks/pranks you could play on a kid who's never heard them before?
When was the last time it felt like you were winning life, while playing at the Expert level?
What are/were some of the most obvious publicity stunts?
What are historical examples of real life people who did things so crazy and evil they could be considered super villains?
What’s the greatest thing that’s ever happened at a wedding that you were attending?
What are the funniest YouTube channels that aren't obnoxious?
What was the most ridiculous 15 seconds of fame you've ever witnessed?
How do you deal/cope with insecurity?
Can you still call an online content 'viral' if it's paid/ boosted? Isn't that somehow fooling people into thinking a topic is socially relevant/ trending?
What are some important issues that could be quickly solved if not for bureaucracy/protocol?
[Serious] Redditors who went through severe anxiety or depression, when did you realise that something bad was happening to you ?
Posers of reddit: why do you do it?
What are some of the wildest/most disruptive/creative ideas currently being discussed that very few people know about today (i.e. Bitcoin circa 2009)?
People often ask me what Reddit is. How do you guys explain what this magical place is to someone who has no knowledge of it?
What is your least favorite overused comment on Reddit?
Ever figured out that you know Reddit user IRL? And how different were they on Reddit?
Is Santa real to your kids? If not, why?[Serious]
How has your life changed since January 9, 2017?
Who is the most annoying person on your Facebook feed and what are they constantly posting about?
Hi Reddit! We're only 10 days in, but how did you already fuck up 2018?
In your opinion, what's the best philosophy to live by?
What did you think of your teenage years when you became an adult?
What is something you don't like about your best friend?
What are some of the weirdest historical events?
What conspiracy theory or theories you "secretly" believe in?
If you could live through the Harry Potter books as one character, which would you choose?
[Serious] What are the best ways to support a new parent as a friend?
What are some tips when writing a résumé?
What is something that a lot of people enjoy doing that you just cant understand why?
[Serious] Redditors who have had to take mental health days, what are your best tips for little bits of self-care?
What does silence sound like to you?
What bad habit do have that you know you should stop but keep doing it anyway?
What conversation topic immediately makes you zone out once someone starts discussing it?
What’s a decision you made that was inconvenient at the time but worth it in the long run?
Who is the annoying NPC in your life?
What's the best remedy for heartbreak?
What's your favourite video game genre, and what are some of your favourite video games of that genre?
